Dog, I'll fight with you
Must be in
I hope there will be no more ghosts, sir. Don't worry.
It will never happen again. Don't touch it.
What makes it moldy?
I said I'm not very good either?
Xiaonao, what happened?
Mom, I'm sorry.
It's all my fault
I was bullied by my classmates at school
My brother-in-law saved me
He was injured so badly
Oops, no big deal.
Didn't I come back safely?
Nothing much
It's all hurt like this, it's alright
I can give you an explosion.
Wife this
Mr. Wu
What are you prepared to do to your son's life?
It's too cruel, even if you survive
It's possible to be a fool
Lin Zhiwei Shenzi
Let you go bankrupt temporarily
Let you be torn to pieces to avenge my son